1. Tell us about yourself and why you applied to be a student employee in this
   area.
  - My name is Hashem. I'm a highschool, duel enroled college student.
    Community has always been a very important aspect for my experience in PCC.
    Being a highschool student was always hard to find a place to belong to.
    Finding a community space at PCC is really important to me. Because of
    this, I've always wanted to build community at PCC. Campus events are a
    really great way to build a community, which is why I'm really interested
    in this position.
2. What is your current understanding of Student Life & Leadership?
  - To me, being a student leader is about giving power to the students so they
    can have a say in what happens in the community. Joining this community, I
    hope to give everyone a free environment to allow everyone's voices to be
    heard.
3. What are some (3-5) ideas to make campus more alive (event or program
   ideas)?
  - One of my ideas is have movie nights and have interesting discussions
    after. For example, I'd put the documentary "The Battle of Algiers", which
    talks about the Algerian revolution against the French.
  - Field trips to places such as museums, games, farms. One such museum is the
    National Historic Oregon Trail Interpretive Center, since the Oregon Trail
    is a major historic event in Oregon.
  - Create workshops. Wood working workshop.
4. What are some of your strengths that you will bring to this position?
  - One of my strengths is approaching obstacles as a way to grow and see new
    perspectives. My ability to change my perspective in order to solve a
    problem will be very helpful when working with a team because I will be
    able to be a better collaborator and team player. Also, when I approach a
    project or problem, I immerse myself in the topic and try to understand
    everything I can about it. For example, I fell in love with learning
    languages because I realized that you could express yourself and your ideas
    better in so many different ways. When I learn a language, I also like to
    learn the culture and the history of its people and country. This knowledge
    helps me connect better with the language and its speakers. This skill
    helped me to connect better with people because I was able to understand
    others a lot easier and their perspectives. When working with a team, this
    is an important skill because collaborating on a project requires everyone
    to put effort into understanding the topic fully, along with all the
    different perspectives.
5. What do you anticipate being your biggest challenge in this role?
  - My biggest challenge that I'll face is creating events that'll satisfy
    everyone's needs and requirements. A way that I'll battle that is knowing
    that it's not going to make everyone happy, but I'll still try my best to
    listen to the majority of students' needs and requirements and incorporate
    that into the event.
6. What does community and belonging mean to you?
  - As a formerly homeschooled high school student dual enrolled at PCC, who’s
    just transitioning into Community College, I was nervous about going to a
    school in a new environment where most people were older than me. I rarely
    engaged with other students outside of my classes. I just focused on my
    studies. However, once I started pushing myself to explore the spaces of
    PCC and interact with the campus outside of the classroom, I realized how
    important community was for my college experience.
7. How would you handle a conflict or miscommunication with others?
  - I always believe strongly in my values and opinions, but I still see the
    value of listening and understanding the opposing views. The majority of
    the time, conflicts arise because of the misunderstanding of the two
    parties. That's why I always like to listen and understand the opposing
    view before trying to convince them of my view. When creating events,
    there're going to differences in opinions all the time, which create
    conflicts if someone's misunderstood. Because of this, student event
    leaders need to be creative to come up with solutions that everyone's
    excited about.
