# Meeting with Stephen Arthur (stephen.arthur@pcc.edu)

## Why

I need clarification on many things.

## Time: 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM

### Questions

1. Could you explain how everything works? Like, what committees do what and
   their differences.
2. I've already got the form for the student leadership done. Do I still need
   that or do I have to submit only the senate form?
3. Is it possible that I could have an extension on the **senate** form because
   it took me a while to fill out the **student leadership** form. I'm afraid I
   might not be able to submit the form in time.
4. What happens if I don't submit the form in time?
5. Regarding locations, where will everything take place? Do they take place at
   certain locations, or do they vary based on the actual event?

### Answers

1. Could you explain how everything works? Like, what committees do what and
   their differences.
2. I've already got the form for the student leadership done. Do I still need
   that or do I have to submit only the senate form?
3. Is it possible that I could have an extension on the **senate** form because
   it took me a while to fill out the **student leadership** form. I'm afraid I
   might not be able to submit the form in time.
4. What happens if I don't submit the form in time?
5. Regarding locations, where will everything take place? Do they take place at
   certain locations, or do they vary based on the actual event?

# Meeting with Ruqaiyah Damrah (ruqaiyah.damrah@yale.edu)

## Why

Her and I are going to go over the form I need to complete and submit. I've got
two forms. **The Student Leadership** and **The Student Senate**. I hope by the
end of today, I'll complete the first one because they're both due by today.
But, my [meeting](<#meeting-with-stephen-arthur-(stephen.arthur%40pcc.edu)>) with
the guy in charge said if I can't submit both of them by the end of today,
he'll give me an extension until Friday. On Friday, I'll just email him my
forms.

## Time: 8:30 PM - 9:30 PM

### Notes

#### A major part of this role will be engaging with your peers within the Pathway you will represent. What ideas do you have for listening and communicating with students at PCC?

Making events available for people with disabilities.
Accommodating religious needs.
If people need to be refrained from certain things because of religious reasons.

Learn the needs and requirements of the students and give them to the people in
charge of PCC.

#### What does the term “Eco-Social Justice” mean to you? Provide us with an example of how environmental justice and social justice intersect.

- What does Eco social justice mean?
  - Environmental issues disproportionately affect people from marginalized groups.
  - Because of this, eco-justice is also social justice.
    * Example: [Pakistan](shorturl.at/bdpAU).
    * This is an example of a population that barely contributes to climate
      change facing the worst effects of it.
- Importance of holding those in power accountable.

#### Why are you interested in being an ASPCC Senator? How do you plan to understand and represent your peers' interests and concerns?

- Active listening and understanding that people come from different
  perspectives and backgrounds.
  - One of the great things about community college is that people come from so
    many diverse identities.
  - But this also means that there is a diverse set of needs and concerns.
  - First step to solving them is for their representatives to truly listen to
    and try to understand then (which is what I hope to do).
- Why am I interested?
  - High school student dual enrolled, and I have a much different experience
    and perspectives than many PCC students do.
  - I had to learn to overcome many barriers to enjoy myself at PCC.
  - This helped me realize the importance of students advocating for change in
    their own school.
  - This is why I want to be a senator.

#### A major part of this role will be engaging with your peers within the Pathway you will represent. What ideas do you have for listening and communicating with students at PCC?

- The important thing for this role is to provide opportunities for students to
  feel comfortable and empowered to voice their opinions and needs.
- Hold an open forum event for students in my pathway, where students can speak
  up about issues and concerns they have.
- Hold open office hours for students to drop by and chat with me, in case they
  don’t want to talk in an open space.
- Send out an online form to students in the pathway so that they can submit
  their feedback, concerns, and questions.
